# Welcome to Michael Kwan's portfolio

I have been working on a simple livestream site and/or video sharing project, and few responsive websites for my own. I will be comfortable to handle projects and similar types of work. I am comfortable to build websites, web apps, IOS apps, Andriod apps, hybrid apps, and basic softwares and games. I am a motivated individual who cab solve problems and create technical solutions in business terms. I can think in terms of business sense and technical usage. I can also speak fluently in Cantonese, Mandarin, English, and basic Spanish, Japanese. and Korean.

Also i have interested in ulitize my knowledge in business background to build a simple interactive trading and informational platform. I am a hard-working, self-starter who have a passion in building my own websites and web applications since 16 years-old. I have been learning about business management operation, computer science, and computer programming for at least 10 years which somedays i can become a full-stack developer/engineer. Currently i am looking for any opportunity to build up my portfolio. It will be a huge honor for me to be able to join and be part of any growing teams or organizations to fillfull my childhood dream as a frondend developer, or any IT positions. 

My working # is (929)499-5833, or my business email michaelkwancareer@gmail.com. I am currently looking for any fulltime, remote, or contract job. I don't need any sponsorship and can start working immediately mainly in the new york city. Thank you for consideration. 
